Document `--plugin-continue-on-error` (#1750)
hyperledger/besu-docs: docs/public-networks/reference/cli/options.md

The P2P listening ports (UDP and TCP). The default is `30303`. You must [expose ports appropriately](../../how-to/connect/configure-ports.md).

### `plugin-continue-on-error`

<Tabs>
<TabItem value="Syntax">

```bash
--plugin-continue-on-error[=<true|false>]
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Example">

```bash
--plugin-continue-on-error=true
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Environment variable">

```bash
BESU_PLUGIN_CONTINUE_ON_ERROR=true
```

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Configuration file">

```bash
plugin-continue-on-error=true
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

> Enables or disables continuing to run Besu if a plugin fails during registration or other startup lifecycle stages.

Reviewer: Could we perhaps link to the plugin docs?

> If set to `true` and any plugin fails, Besu logs the error and continues running.

Author: ```suggestion
If set to `true` and any plugin fails, Besu logs an error and continues running.
```

> If set to `false`and any plugin fails, Besu throws a `RuntimeException` and stops running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set to `false` and any plugin fails, Besu throws a `RuntimeException` and stops running.
```

> If set to `false`and any plugin fails, Besu throws a `RuntimeException` and stops running.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If set to `false`and any plugin fails, Besu logs the error and stops running.
```
